[GRANDFATHER]
Kazuya.
Why do you think it
is that people start
their own families?
So they don't have to die alone.
It occurred to me while
I was taking care
of your grandmother.
We lost our son and your
mother much too early in life,
but you're still here with us.
And it was because
of you that we found
a new sense of
fulfillment and purpose.
Because of me?
One of these days, I'll go off
and join your grandma.
When that day comes,
you'll be without a family.
Build your own.
And once you have
them by your side,
no matter what comes your way,
you have to keep them safe,
you understand?
Do that, my boy,
and I can guarantee
when the end finally arrives,
you will consider your life
to have been well spent.
I'm getting on in years,
this may be the final wisdom
I leave you.
[SOUMA]
When he said those words,
I thought they sounded
like a dying wish.
Time has passed since then,
and Grandpa has joined Grandma.
But I'm still here. All alone.
[ALBERT]
Hmm...
Whatever shall we do?
Your Majesty.
I don't know what we can do.
Surely, something
has to be done.
My king. At this point,
I believe our only option
is to summon a hero.
[CHIEF PRIEST] You understand
the procedure, correct?
Yes.
All right, then we
will now proceed
with the Hero Rite of Summoning.
Huh?
[SOUMA yelling]
[yelling]
What the‐‐Huh?
Am I the only one surprised
the summoning
actually worked?
I guess everything is
worth trying at least once.
[SOUMA]
Wait. Summoning?
[ALBERT]
Ah! Hero! Welcome!
Thank you for answering our
call in these desperate times!
I didn't answer anything.
I was summoned to this
place against my will.
Uhh...
Yes. I suppose so.
I can see why from
your standpoint
it would seem that way.
By chance, you aren't upset
we forced you here
against your will?
Oh, I don't know!
Wouldn't you be?
[ALBERT gasps]
At the very least, could you
explain the situation?
Then I'll decide if
I should be mad.
An... explanation.
That would be helpful.
Well, uh, the predicament
is as follows:
[NARRATOR] This is the
supercontinent of Landia.
Several races, including
humans, elves, dwarves,
and dragonewts have
made this land their home,
forming a number of
countries of various sizes.
However, roughly ten years ago,
on the northernmost end
of the continent,
a void to the Demon World
dimension appeared
and a horde of
monsters poured out.
With their appearance,
all hell broke loose across
the northern countries.
Under the banner of
the Gran Chaos Empire,
which boasted the largest
territory on the continent,
all the nations united
to form a punitive force
and mounted an invasion
against the Demon World.
Unfortunately, those forces
were obliterated.
After the battle, the nations
lost their main military assets.
They no longer had the strength
to repel the monsters
from the Demon World.
The enemy continued
laying waste,
and now occupy a third
of the continent.
Presently, this territory
is known as
the Demon Lord's Domain.
As their monster forces
increase and the battle lines
continue to rapidly expand,
the outlook is grim.
The nations of mankind can
barely keep them in check,
much less drive them back.
To this day, a deadlock
remains firmly in place.
Uh‐huh...
I hope I'm not supposed to fight
these monsters on my own.
Well, perhaps Marx
could explain it better.
Huh?
The issue is... a hero is truly
a rare commodity to come by.
Huh?
[JEANNE] As of this moment,
the Demon Lord's Domain
remains mostly quiet.
However, our forces are
stationed at his border,
and have been informed
to remain ever vigilant.
The soldiers' morale is high
since they've been charged
with protecting
the world of men,
but the longer the
troops remain there,
the more money's required.
It's becoming problematic.
Also, there is the other matter.
Other matter?
The Elfrieden Kingdom.
They've been asked to
contribute to the war effort.
The deadline is approaching,
but they have yet to respond.
You're going to turn
me over to the empire
in the place of financial aid?
[ALBERT]
I'm terribly sorry about this!
And hope you can forgive us!
Uh, you see, while the
Demon Lord's Domain
doesn't border our own kingdom,
it abuts the Gran Chaos Empire,
which happens to be the
largest country in all Landia.
Because of their brave efforts,
we see many benefits
and few monster attacks.
But it costs.
The empire requires financial
assistance from countries
that do not share
the border with
the Demon Lord's Domain.
[SOUMA] So the issue ultimately
comes down to money.
If the empire's willing
to fight them,
you have to pay them.
[ALBERT] We'd love to‐‐
the only problem is we can't.
Right. Our country has been
experiencing a continuous
shortage of food.
The expansion of the
Demon Lord's Domain
has sent us refugees who were
chased from their homes,
and the cost of feeding
them is astronomical.
As things currently
stand, we are in
no position to supply
any financial assistance.
However, within the empire's
request for aid,
there is a clause that
states that if we cannot
contribute financially,
we may perform the Hero
Rite of Summoning.
The sacred ritual of
bringing forth a hero
has been handed down in our
kingdom for generations.
We can send you
instead of funds.
That's tradition.
It's with the utmost
reluctance, we‐‐
You'd be more than willing to
sell off your own daughters
if it meant paying
your debts, right?
So, after handing
the empire a hero,
what will happen to me after?
Well, we're a little
murky on the subject.
[SOUMA] All right, then what
makes a hero in the first place?
Legends says that
a hero is the one who
will lead the revolution
into a new age.
[SOUMA]
The what?
No disrespect, but that's
more than a little vague.
Eh, the thing is...
information is scarce.
So the who and what of a "hero"
are shrouded in mystery.
Seems like the empire has
an interest in them, though.
I hope they don't want
you to hand me over
for dissection or anything
else equally as macabre.
Not reassuring.
There isn't a chance in a
million that they would do
such a thing!
Yes, a million!
Well, a thousand.
Eh I'd put the odds
at about a hundred.
[SOUMA] Why's the
possibility keep going up?
[SOUMA] Seems as though I'm
stuck here for the moment.
My original life plan was
to become a civil servant,
but now here I am,
at risk of being dissected
in some fantasy adventure.
[ALBERT]
Uh...
[SOUMA] I could run, but without
any knowledge of the castle,
that's easier said than done.
Plus, if I screw up
and get captured,
this whole situation
will only get worse.
Which basically means
the next thing I say
pretty much determines my fate.
If I may, permit me
to ask one more thing?
Uh, I suppose so.
Are requests made by the
empire limited to this one,
or are you expecting some more?
Well, of course
they would need...
Actually, the way I see matters,
there's no end to these
requests in sight as long as
the monsters persist
in their attacks.
I'm sure you're
right about that.
So. I have another question.
Going back to the rite
of hero summoning.
As long as you perform
the full ritual,
would you be able to summon
however many people
that you would need?
Oh, so, you see,
that's complicated.
[MARX] Uh...
According to our records,
we did summon a hero
prior to you.
Nearly 500 years ago.
That took place only the once,
and at our nation's founding.
There were of course several
failed attempts over the years.
Assuming that's true,
this is significant.
I'm pretty much the one card
this country has to play.
Does that sound about right?
Um... Yes, I would say so.
[SOUMA] In that case,
doesn't giving me up
to the empire right now
seem a little vacuous?
I‐‐ eh, come again?
As you know, dear,
"vacuous" means
something that's done
without any thought.
Ah, yes, that vacuous,
of course.
[SOUMA]
I think it might be working.
And if we are truly
thinking ahead,
we should review
the country's finances.
And then adopt new policies.
Ones that will help to increase
the Elfrieden Kingdom's
national strength so we can
reject imperial demands!
Enough influence and power
that we could say no to
even the Gran Chaos Empire?
Us? But how?
Accomplishing such a
feat would require‐‐
[SOUMA]
A hero?
Am I not supposed to lead the
revolution into a new age?
And this act is merely
the beginning.
We might be able to bring
real change to this country.
Change the country.
That was the idea.
Only problem was
I didn't have a plan.
Still, all I need to do is
find a way of coming up
with the aid money.
To start off, tell me about
all the country's finances.
I want to hear everything
that's in place.
I need to take a close look
at the budget reports,
data on agriculture, forestry,
fisheries, the economy,
infrastructure, and transport.
Prime Minister, if you
would please be so kind?
At once.
[NARRATOR] And so, a wide range
of topics were discussed.
The conference between the
Elfrieden king, Albert,
Prime Minister Marx,
and the hero, Souma,
went on longer than expected.
Lasting for three days
and nights.
[ALBERT]
Hark and listen!
I request your
undivided attention.
I, Albert Elfrieden,
the thirteenth King
of the Elfrieden nation,
being of sound mind and body,
hereby abdicate the throne
and transfer all of its powers
over to our summoned hero,
Souma Kazuya!
[SOUMA]
Uh... Wha‐‐?! Huh?!
Further,
I am pleased to announce the
engagement of my daughter,
Princess Liscia Elfrieden,
to heroic, newly appointed
King Souma!
[COUNCIL MEMBERS gasp]
[SOUMA]
Huh?!
[NARRATOR] April 1546 by
the Continental Calendar.
The King of Elfrieden
hands the throne over
to Souma Kazuya.
This news quickly spreads,
reaching the Three Dukedoms:
a trio of rulers who head
the kingdom's armed forces,
creating a significant
stir among them.
What?
Albert abdicated the throne?
[TOLMAN]
Yes, sir. And there is more.
He has ceded the
throne to Souma,
the hero they summoned.
That's certainly a bold move,
and coming from
King Albert of all people.
[GEORG]
When this news reaches her,
I'll bet Princess Liscia
will be beside herself.
Father, Mother, hold on!
I'll rescue you!
[ALBERT]
Mm, hmm! Hmm...
Right there, right there.
That's the spot.
[door opens]
Father! Mother? You're fine?
It's absurd!
I heard that the throne
had been usurped
and came running to save you!
Only to find you two casually
carrying on like that!
As you can see, the throne
hasn't exactly been usurped.
I abdicated it in favor of
Souma of my own free will.
But why go and make
such a rash decision?
It was hardly rash.
Though I've spent a short
amount of time with him,
I'm convinced he will
make a better king
than I ever could.
It was a decision made
responsibly by the individual
in charge of this country.
And I won't have any arguments!
But Father, how could you
declare my engagement
without even asking me?
Concerning that matter,
it is ultimately
a discussion for the two of you.
While there is no denying
the marriage arrangement
was my idea originally,
if you don't want
to go through with it,
I highly doubt that
Souma will insist.
Mother, is he being serious?
My dear, you should go
and meet Souma first,
then decide whether
or not he's for you.
We can't just force you
to love someone.
[LISCIA] They can't expect
me to discuss the matter
civilly with him.
Obviously this Souma guy
is up to no good.
[LISCIA]
I'm coming in.
Hey, whoever you are,
gimme a hand.
Uh... Pardon?
Hold up.
You are able to read, right?
Please. I'm not some idiot!
I've had an extensive education!
Then what's three plus two?
[LISCIA]
Five.
And six times two?
[LISCIA]
Twelve, obviously.
Forty‐two divided by seven?
Seven, or‐‐ I mean six!
I got confused!
[SOUMA]
Good enough.
Get over here and help
me with the budget.
What, help you?
Just who do you think
me to be, anyway?
Reserves to help me
with these finances.
I am Liscia Elfrieden,
the king's‐‐I mean‐‐
Former King Albert
Elfrieden's daughter,
and you will show me respect!
Seriously? You're a princess?
[LISCIA]
Isn't it obvious?
Well, not really.
That looks like
a military uniform.
[LISCIA] Because it is
a military uniform!
I'm stationed with the
army under the command
of Duke Carmine.
I was out there performing
my patrol duties
then rushed home when
I heard the news.
Now that you mention it...
Yeah, I should've known.
There is something
princess‐y about you.
Oh, right.
Name's Souma,
and for better or worse,
I'm the new ruler here.
And I used to be this
kingdom's princess.
Before you came along, that is,
and stole the throne away.
I'm not quite sure
what I am now.
[SOUMA]
Excuse me, stole?
If you'd been here,
you'd know the king
was more than happy
to push the crown on me.
[LISCIA]
Perhaps you could explain that.
I realize you're the hero
they summoned
to trade to the empire,
but you just arrived
and suddenly my father
makes you our sovereign?
I'm just as confused as you.
I was just looking out
for my own safety,
and suddenly I'm running things.
Oh?
I do wonder whether
the two of them
will find common ground.
[ELISHA]
They'll be fine, dear. Trust me.
[SOUMA] When I brought up
fiscal reforms, I knew
I might be put in charge
of the kingdom's
financial management
or something like that,
but I never expected
to be made its king.
Uh, so listen.
I'm sorry for how I acted.
You have nothing
to apologize for.
Hey. You're the victim here.
No one asked whether you
wanted to get engaged.
Yeah. Concerning that, I‐‐
[SOUMA] Don't worry about
the whole betrothal thing.
I'm only keeping the throne
warm for a little while.
After a few years, I'll probably
retire from this king gig.
Really?
All I want to do was
fill up your coffers.
It was the only way
I saw to keep myself
from being handed
over to the empire.
Then again, now that
I've been given the throne,
you know, can't waste it.
Least I can do is get
this country's finances
back on track.
But, after it's on
the right track,
I'll let this country
handle the rest.
Of course, you can cancel
our engagement.
Such arrogance!
You say you're going
to quit being the king
after only a few years.
Can you really do
anything for the kingdom
in that short amount of time?
And before you answer,
let's start with
all the aid to the empire.
Oh, that.
I've already secured
the necessary funds.
It looks like they found
someone to act as custodian.
We should be getting
the Elfrieden exports soon.
[SEBASTIAN] There is a great
demand among the wealthy
when it comes to jewelry
sourced from royal families.
Investing funds in
order to snatch up
the standout pieces
was the right call,
Princess Roroa.
And as a result, we did
a fair bit of business.
I must confess,
this new king of theirs
is certainly making
some bold new policy.
Elfrieden can't afford
to hold onto jewels
while its citizens starve.
They need to jumpstart
their economy.
At first, I wasn't sure why they
made that hero their king,
but based on what
I've seen so far,
he could be a
formidable opponent.
Yes.
Huh?!
You sold off our
national treasures?
The national treasures belong
to the whole country!
You can't just give them away!
Come on, would you take it easy?
If they belong to
the whole country,
then it's fair to sell
them for the sake of
the nation's subjects, right?
Yeah, all right,
but there were numerous
cultural and historical pieces!
[SOUMA] True, which is why
I made sure not to sell those.
In Group A,
I placed national treasures that
have historic or cultural value.
Those with neither
went into Group B.
The remainder were
put into Group C.
Only B was sold.
When it comes to A's
fundraising potential,
they have more long‐term
value put on display
in a museum.
It wouldn't make much
sense to sell them off.
It was smart of you
to categorize them,
but what about Group C?
[SOUMA]
Magical tools, which frankly,
I'm not sure how to handle.
I would label those
more as weapons.
We can't put them on display
or risk the wrong
person buying them.
Speaking of, there is a full
set of antique hero gear.
If we find the right buyer,
it should fetch a ton of cash.
Sound good?
You wouldn't dare.
Just what kind of hero are you?
[SOUMA chuckles]
[EXCEL chuckles]
Despite his sudden
ascension to the throne,
the country appears quite
tranquil on the surface.
The question is how
long will that last?
Anyhow. Canaria.
See this new hero‐turned‐king
with your own eyes.
Determine how capable he is.
[LISCIA] Putting a price on
all our national treasures.
Not what I expected from a hero.
[SOUMA] If I hadn't, they
would have handed me over
to the empire.
That is true, but still.
Tell me. Have you already sent
the aid money to the empire?
No, not yet.
I told them to hold off
on paying until
the last possible day.
Then how about instead of
giving it to the empire,
you redirect the funds
to the military?
After all, your ultimate goal
is to get our kingdom
enough power to
resist them, is it not?
At the military academy, they
taught us to spend heavily
on defense, and nothing
when it came to tribute.
So rather than offering payment
for a momentary peace,
in the long run,
the wiser choice would be
to invest in building
our military?
Allow me to chain your
adage and immediately
activate my own!
"Time equals money"!
The financial assistance
takes on this card's effect,
and by sacrificing it,
we gain time,
which is what our country
needs most in this situation!
What're you doing
with your voice?
Never mind that.
Here's my point.
Say we build up our military.
If we neglect our domestic
problems, it means nothing.
Until we resolve our food
shortage and refugee crisis,
we'll continue losing
the people's support.
It wouldn't take much
work for an outside force
to instigate an uprising.
The country would be
in a vulnerable state.
A revolt?
Not the people of Elfrieden;
they love their country!
They wouldn't dare!
That's idealistic thinking.
The fact is,
when people go hungry,
morals and patriotism vanish.
You can't show concern
for others if you have
no breathing room yourself.
Agreed?
It's true what they say.
You really are a huge realist.
Know what?
Perhaps I am.